VIOLATION OF POLICY 

An employee's continued ability to travel for Cargill may be contingent upon compliance with policy 
requirements. Those will be applied in accordance with all applicable legal requirements, including 
employment and labor laws, rules, and regulations. 
“Improper use of Travel Card” means that the use of Travel Card is outside of Cargill’s Policies and 
Procedures. Examples of (but not limited to) improper use are: 
• Permitting an unauthorized individual to use the Travel Card 
• Acquiring goods or services for personal use 
• Acquiring goods or services that are forbidden or restricted without approval 
• Failing to comply to the signed Cardholder agreement 
Violations of this Policy will be investigated and may result in one or more of the following actions: 
• Written warning 
• Mandatory attendance of additional training classes 
• Cancellation or suspension of Travel Card 
• Revocation of approver signatory rights (Approvers only) 
• Disciplinary action up to and including Termination and/or the possibility of criminal prosecution 
• Seeking restitution for lost funds 
Travel Expenses reported must reflect good business judgment. Abuse of the travel policy and/or the 
filing of false expense reports may result in disciplinary action up to and including personal 
reimbursement to the company of non-approved expenses, termination of employment, and/or the 
possibility of criminal prosecution. 
Violations of this Policy will be investigated and may result in one or more of the following actions: 
• Written warning 
• Mandatory attendance of additional training classes 
• Cancellation or suspension of Travel Card 
• Revocation of approver signatory rights (Approvers only) 
• Disciplinary action up to and including Termination and/or the possibility of criminal prosecution 
• Seeking restitution for lost funds 
Travel Expenses reported must reflect good business judgment. Abuse of the travel policy and/or the 
filing of false expense reports may result in disciplinary action up to and including personal 
reimbursement to the company of non-approved expenses, termination of employment, and/or the 
possibility of criminal prosecution. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 
 
TRAVEL CARD 
Travel Card Provider 
Citibank is the Primary Travel Card Provider for Cargill, and it is a corporate-liability Mastercard or Visa 
card, meaning that it is directly billed to and paid for by Cargill. If a country or business requires a 
different bank provider other than Citibank, they need to contact their local Treasury representative 
prior to contacting a bank provider. A variance request must be submitted to Cargill Treasury for 
approval prior to implementing a new card program. 
Card Application & Cardholder Responsibilities 
Permanent Cargill Employees who anticipate traveling on behalf of Cargill on a regular basis are eligible 
to apply for the Travel Card with managers approval. A regular traveler is defined as an individual that 
travels two or more times within an 18-month period. The Travel Card must be used when incurring 
travel and/or incur entertainment expenses for Cargill business purposes. 
To obtain a Travel Card, first the employee should discuss with their supervisor to make sure the Travel 
Card is an appropriate tool for their role. If it is agreed, employee should apply for a card: 
• Follow Request a New Corporate Card steps at Cargill’s Corporate Card Portal 
Allow minimum 10 business days for application processing, approval and delivery 
• Complete mandatory Travel Card Training before a card can be issued 
Once employee receive their corporate card, they are responsible to: 
• Always Maintain the Travel Card in a secure location 
• Ensure that the Travel Card information is not disclosed to another user nor allow another 
individual to use the Travel Card on their behalf 
• Notify Citibank directly for incorrect or erroneous charges 
• Notify the Card Program Administrator of changes in Cardholder status, as well as report lost or 
stolen card 
When a Travel Card is issued, employees are to ensure that all Company travel related expenses are paid 
for with this card. Personal credit cards and cash payments should not be used when the Corporate Card 
has been issued and the merchant accepts card payments. Spending should always be consistent with 
each employee’s responsibility for stewardship and safeguarding of Cargill’s assets. 
Using the Travel Card for unauthorized or prohibited transactions, or personal purchases of any kind is 
not allowed. Misuse of the Travel Card will have disciplinary consequences in accordance with Cargill’s 
Policies and Procedures. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

 
Card Renewal/Replacement 
New Travel Cards are automatically reissued to all active cardholders prior to the expiration date. The 
card expires three years after its issue month. Upon expiration, a renewal card is sent to the country 
Card Program Administrator who will coordinate delivery of the card with the cardholder. If a cardholder 
does not receive a card before the current one expires, contact the Card Program Administrator. 
Cardholders are responsible for activating renewal cards. 
For Replacement of Worn-Out/Defective Cards and Lost/Stolen Card – connect with card program 
administrator via the respective form at Cargill’s Corporate Card Portal. 
Termination/Cancellation of Card 
A card may be terminated or cancelled when: 
• The cardholder has not utilized the Travel Card within an 18-month period 
• The cardholder is no longer employed with Cargill 
• The cardholder role has changed and no longer needs a Travel Card 
• The cardholder has not been compliant with this policy 
When a Cardholder terminates employment with Cargill, the Cardholder must return the card to their 
manager for destruction, as well as complete any open expense reports for processing. 
In the event of an immediate termination, the Manager should contact the Card Program Administrator 
to cancel the card, as well as complete any open expense reports for processing on the terminated 
employee’s behalf. 
Employees leaving the company need to make final arrangements to reconcile all charges prior to 
separation. The Global T&E team will cancel all cards once a separation notice is received unless a 
request from the cardholder’s manager is received instructing otherwise. Any personal amounts owed 
to Cargill for personal expenses must be paid in full by the employee prior to separation. 
Acceptable/Unacceptable Use of Travel Card 
Employees who are issued a Travel Card are only to use the card for Cargill related travel and business 
activities. The card is not to be used for personal or Company procurement type purchases of any kind. 
When acquisitions are to be made for tangible property or services, where the vendor accepts credit 
cards for payment, such charges should be placed on a Purchase Card. Likewise, Purchasing Cards should 
not be used to procure travel or entertainment. 
Details on travel related acceptable/unacceptable card transaction types can be found under the link. 
Cargill has full discretion to unilaterally amend this list. The list is not exclusive. 
Be aware that some transactions could be automatically declined on the card if the spend category is 
flagged as unacceptable through Merchant category codes (MCCs). If a merchant does not accept the 
Citibank Corporate Card, contact the Corporate Program Administrator. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 


Travel Card Limit 
Travel Cards come with a standard monthly limit. If travel requirements are for extended periods, or 
charges are expected to exceed the standard limit, the cardholder should complete a limit increase 
request form available at Cargill Corporate Card Portal. 
Lost or Stolen Card 
It is the responsibility of the employee to advise the card provider immediately in the event their Travel 
Card is lost or stolen. Fraudulent expenses reported on the Travel Card will need to be reconciled in 
Concur and subsequent credits for approved unauthorized expenses likewise reconciled and submitted 
in Concur. Cardholder may utilize the card dispute confirmation received from the card provider as 
receipt for handling purposes. 
BOOKING AND SAFE TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS  
Cargill Sustainability Focus 
At Cargill, our sustainability strategy is intentional in its approach to creating products, partnerships, and 
programs that have multiple benefits across our focus areas, allowing us to advance our ambition to 
deliver as much positive, collective impact as we can. We’re doing our part to fulfill a purpose bigger 
than ourselves: to nourish the world in a safe, responsible, and sustainable way. Learn more 
at Sustainability at Cargill. 
The most sustainable option is not travelling at all 
Cargill employees are encouraged to think differently about how to connect virtually with colleagues, 
customers, and partners. For more information, visit Collaboration Tools & Services. 
When travel is necessary and approved consider alternatives such as rail vs air, hotels with “green” 
practices from Cargill preferred properties, etc. 
Making Travel Arrangements 
To ensure the ability to verify an employee’s whereabouts from a safety and security perspective, all 
business-related travel reservations must be made through Cargill’s global approved travel agency 
(where possible). Exceptions should be registered via International SOS for safety and security tracking 
(details in Safe Travel Requirements). 
Cargill utilizes online booking tools (web and mobile) in most markets. Where available, they can be 
accessed via SSO (single sign-on) authentication on desktop via Cargill’s Global Travel & Expense portal 
and available to download on mobile device. The online booking tools (where available) are 
recommended and most efficient way for creating simple point-to-point reservations. Contacting travel 
agent is recommended booking approach for complex travel arrangements. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

Cargill Confidential  
Safe Travel Requirements 
The following requirements are specifically designed to enhance employee health and safety while 
traveling on behalf of Cargill. 
Prior to business travel, traveler is responsible to: 
• Download the International SOS app and print out Cargill’s International SOS membership card. 
Follow specific health, medical, and safety instructions provided by International SOS 
• Familiarize themselves with Safe Travel information, how to Mitigate Travel Security 
Risks and Traveler Checklist 
• Contact International SOS for any type of medical and safety concerns and/or events. If 
requested by an agent to provide Cargill membership number: 11BCMA000192 
• If booking through Cargill’s global approved travel agency is not possible, send the itinerary 
to CargillTravel@itinerary.internationalsos.com for safety and security tracking by International 
SOS and send to plans@mycwt.com to display on myCWT app 
• Consult with the local host regarding location(s) specifics and recommendations 
Travel to high or extreme security risk locations, as designated by International SOS, requires 
consultation with Cargill’s Global Security. Reservations to such countries are blocked on online booking 
tools and they can be done via contacting travel agent. 
Booking Standards 
Booking standards reflect travel industry’s best practices and they are used as indicators upon which 
travel booking compliance is measured to. 
Purpose of Trip 
Travel is a necessary investment to enable our business to grow. Having accurate data is critical in 
identifying the true purpose of the trip and its associated expenses. It is traveler’s responsibility to select 
the correct purpose of trip when completing a reservation with the travel agency (including within the 
related online booking tools). 
Booking in Advance 
• All flights shorter than 6 hours should be booked at least 14 days in advance while flights longer 
than 6 hours should be booked at least 21 days in advance.  
• Travelers are expected to cancel reservations in a timely manner if they do not intend to go on a 
trip to avoid no-show charges. No-show charges will only be reimbursed in exceptional 
situations with approval from the traveler’s manager. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

Cargill Confidential  
Lowest (Least Cost) Logical Fare for Flight Ticket 
• For flights shorter than 6 hours: least cost logical airfare means the cheapest available flight in 
the class of service allowed and within three hours of the requested departure time, making up 
to 1 connection not to exceed 2.5 hours in duration each way. 
• For flights longer than 6 hours: least cost logical airfare means the cheapest available flight in 
the class of service allowed and within twelve hours of the requested departure time, making up 
to 1 connection not to exceed 3.5 hours in duration each way. 
• Flights must also not exceed the Fare Cap as defined in this Policy. 
Airfare Ticket Class 
Employees are required to purchase airfare at the Lowest (Least Cost) Logical Fare available at the day of 
the travel request. 
• For flights shorter than 6 hours travelers may select an itinerary that exceeds the lowest logical 
fare calculation by USD $100 each way or USD $200 round trip for choice of airline, schedule, or 
other personal preference. Any bookings that exceed the threshold will require a reason code 
and will be reported to employee’s direct manager. 
• For flights longer than 6 hours in duration a travelers may select an itinerary that exceeds the 
lowest logical fare calculation by USD $500 each way or USD $1000 round trip for choice of 
airline, schedule, or other personal preference. Any bookings that exceed the threshold will 
require a reason code and will be reported to employee’s direct manager. The reservation will 
be reviewed prior to ticketing by Global T&E team and the traveler may be asked to cancel and 
change the reservation. 
The purchase of first-class tickets is not permitted under any circumstances regardless of traveler’s 
position. 
The purchase of Premium Economy or Business class ticket is not permitted for any flight segments 
shorter than 6 hours under any circumstances regardless of traveler’s position. 
Ticket class allowance per HR 
band 
Under “Manager 1” 
Flight shorter than 6 hours 
>= “Manager 1” < 
“Senior Manager 1” 
“Senior Manager 1” 
and above 
Economy 
Flight longer than 6 hours 
Economy 
Economy 
Economy 
Premium Economy 
Business 
Any exceptions to allowance for flight segments longer than 6 hours, should be booked via travel agent 
(not possible via Cargill’s approved online booking tools) and: 
• Exception for usage of Premium Economy class for flight segment longer than 6 hours must have 
prior written approval by a direct or indirect supervisor at Manager 1 level or above. The 
approval must be attached to the expense report 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

Cargill Confidential  
• Exception for usage of Business class for flight segment longer than six hours must have prior 
written approval by a direct or indirect supervisor at Senior Manager 1 level or above. The 
approval must be attached to the expense report 
Air Fare Caps 
For international air tickets between regions, fares purchased should not exceed the Airfare Cap, which 
is the maximum amount permitted to spend. In all cases the Fare Cap works in conjunction with the 
Lowest Logical Fare and does not replace it. See below reference table. 
Region (Values in USD $) 
North and Latin 
America 
Australia & New 
Zealand 
Europe, Middle 
East & Africa 
North and Latin America 
Asia-Pacific 
excluding AU/NZ 
$8000 
Europe, Middle East & Africa 
$8000 
$10000 
$12000 
$8000 
Asia-Pacific excluding AU/NZ 
$8000 
$10000 
$12000 
$10000 
Australia & New Zealand 
$10000 
$8000 
$8000 
$12000 
$12000 
$8000 
$3000 
Any exceptions that exceed the Airfare Cap should be booked via travel agent (not possible via Cargill’s 
approved online booking tools), will require a reason code and will be reported to employee’s direct 
manager. The reservation will be reviewed prior to ticketing by Global T&E team and the traveler might 
be asked to cancel and change the reservation. 
Preferred Hotel Corporate Rates 
Travelers should book Cargill corporate rate at preferred hotel (where available) together with flight/car 
rental if applicable. 
Cargill negotiated corporate rates are highlighted within the booking tools and typically include a variety 
of additional amenities such as internet access, breakfast, free cancelation, etc. 
Travelers should not book luxury hotel properties. Examples of luxury hotel brands include (but are not 
limited to) Ritz-Carlton, Four Seasons, St. Regis, Mandarin Oriental, Aman Hotels, Shangri-La, Bulgari, 
Belmond, Oberoi, and Raffles. Exceptions may be granted for attending conferences where the 
conference host hotel is a luxury property. 
Travel Select Suppliers 
The use of Cargill’s select suppliers is required under Cargill’s Sourcing and Purchasing Policy. Select 
supplier is a supplier that has been selected through the sourcing process via appropriate supplier 
selection methodology that was supervised by a Global/Regional Category Manager or delegate within 
Strategic Sourcing team. 
Allowable exceptions include customer visits or off-site conferences for which lodging has been 
organized on Cargill’s behalf. In such cases, employees should follow Safe Travel advisories and how 
to Mitigate Travel Security Risks. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

Cargill Confidential  
Information regarding Cargill select suppliers for travel is available at Global Travel and Expense Portal 
>> Select Suppliers (air, hotel, car rental, ground transportation, corporate benefits). 
Only Cargill professional pilots are authorized to pilot airplanes while on company business. 
Air Travel - Select Suppliers 
Cargill has negotiated rates with air select suppliers only bookable through preferred booking channels 
(travel agency and online booking tools). However, the lowest logical fare principle remains the leading 
criteria for airfare selection. 
Be mindful of additional costs and restrictions if evaluating low-cost carriers and certain “basic” airfare 
types. They usually are not changeable/not subject to cancellation and if business plans are changed – 
the total value of the ticket is lost. 
Employees with more than eight business trips a year to the United States are encouraged to review and 
utilize air trusted traveler programs (TSA Precheck, Global Entry, etc.). Employee should discuss with 
their manager which option is acceptable and covered by Cargill. 
Lodging - Select Hotel Properties 
Cargill’s select hotel properties should be used when available as directed by the global approved travel 
agency or approved online booking tools (where available). 
Whenever possible, consider choosing hotels which are certified as green properties. 
Cargill has negotiated higher-tier hotels directory. Only business class-eligible travelers are entitled to 
use them. These hotels will be marked accordingly. 
Cargill will reimburse single room rates, including reasonable and customary gratuities. 
Hotel bills must include the name of the traveler and the name of the Cargill legal entity that pays the 
traveler’s salary (the employer). 
Allowable incidentals must be classified separately on expense reports for tax and tracking reasons. 
Ground Transportation - Select Suppliers 
Cargill’s select car rental suppliers should be used when available as directed by the global travel agency 
or approved online booking tool (where available). 
Fuel service options (prepaid fuel) is not reimbursable. Employees are expected to return rental cars 
with a full tank and fueling charges will only be approved in rare exceptional cases. 
Economy or mid-size vehicles are reimbursable. If three or more employees are traveling together, a 
full-size sedan or mid-size SUV rental is allowed. If snow or ice are expected, all-wheel drive in the same 
class is reimbursable. 
It is the traveler’s responsibility to review insurance inclusions. Generally, insurance is provided with 
preferred suppliers when rented through Cargill’s travel agency. Insurance coverage should only be 
selected when non-preferred supplier is selected. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

Cargill Confidential  
Whenever possible, consider rail transportation as a sustainable alternative to air/car options. 
The purchase of a first-class rail fare is authorized if the journey could have been taken by air and the 
cost of the first-class rail does not exceed that of the least cost logical fare. 
Other necessary ground transportation is reimbursable. This includes but is not limited to taxi, hired car, 
bus and subway. 
Seek for local advice on the safest and most convenient option, including ride share (Uber, Lyft, etc.), 
chauffeur services (for example: Avis My Driver (India), Enterprise My Driver (China), SIXT My Driver) 
and others as an alternative to conventional taxi. 
Travel Disruption & Insurance Coverage 
Employees traveling internationally are covered by Cargill’s travel insurance and as such, additional 
travel insurance should be declined. For additional information on travel coverage and how to obtain a 
certificate, visit Global Travel and Expense Portal >> Insurance for International Travel. 
For employees renting corporate rates by Cargill’s preferred suppliers (such as National, Enterprise, Sixt, 
etc.) via Cargill’s travel agent or online booking tool, comprehensive and liability insurance coverage is 
provided as part of Cargill’s Agreement with these suppliers and coverage can be declined if requested 
at time of rental. For bookings with other suppliers, travelers should refer to the insurance that may be 
included with the Corporate Travel Card Benefit by Citibank prior to accepting coverage at additional 
cost. 
Standard travel insurance may be provided by the Corporate Travel Card provider when travel is booked 
through Cargill’s travel agency and paid using the card. Employees should refer to the Cardholder 
Agreement for additional information. A current copy of the Cardholder Agreement is provided at the 
time of card request and subsequent copies can be obtained by calling the customer service number on 
the back of the card. 
If a traveler is separated from their checked baggage during a trip, they should first make a claim with 
the carrier responsible for the baggage. Certain areas of the world have legislated coverage for lost 
baggage and in all cases, a proof of claim is required to process secondary coverage. If the traveler has 
filed a claim with the carrier they may also be entitled to benefits through the Corporate Card. Contact 
the card issuer in traveler’s country to understand what coverage is provided when booking a flight with 
the Corporate Card. Cargill is a payor of last resort for lost/delayed baggage and will cover expenses we 
deem to be reasonable and required only after evidence that the claim to the carrier and card provider 
resulted in insufficient claim recovery. It is the sole and discretionary option of Cargill as to claims 
settlement. Payment for approved claims should be made by raising a T&E Claim and expensing with 
category “Luggage”. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

Cargill Confidential  
Off-site Group Meetings & Events Sponsored by Cargill 
The meeting venue for group meetings and events should be at a Cargill facility whenever possible and 
available. In case off-site venue is required, Cargill preferred hotels should be the first option, unless 
they do not have adequate meeting space, or are not available. 
Cargill utilizes the services of preferred suppliers for off-site venue sourcing – contacts available at 
Meetings and Events site. In some markets, the travel agency offers group meetings support through 
specialized teams. 
Meeting organizers should be mindful of total travel cost when choosing the venue location such as air, 
ground transportation, avoiding peak travel seasons, etc. 
Refer to Sourcing Policy to check under what circumstances Strategic Sourcing and Procurement should 
be involved in the negotiation process for external/off-site events.  
TRAVEL EXPENSE REPORTING 
Expense Reporting Standards 
Expense reports must be submitted within 14 (fourteen) calendar days of incurring a charge. It is 
recommended to bundle expenses and submit expense reports every two weeks. 
Managers are responsible to review their employees’ expense reports to ensure they are following this 
policy. 
Any expense incurred using a corporate card which is not submitted for more than 45 days will require 
Senior Manager or two levels up Manager approval attached to the report. 
Any out-of-pocket transactions that are not submitted timely may lead to disciplinary action up to and 
including termination of employment. 
Cargill will only reimburse employees for actual and properly documented expenses that include the 
business purpose: 
• Original purchasing tickets/receipts/invoices are required in accordance with traveler’s country 
of residence guidelines 
• Corporate travel card statements are not considered valid receipts 
• A Missing Receipt Affidavit should only be used in exceptional situations where documented 
attempts to obtain a replacement receipt from the supplier have not been successful. 
Details on travel related acceptable/unacceptable card transaction types can be found by following the 
provided link. Cargill has full discretion to unilaterally amend this list. The list is not exclusive. 
Any exception to the above is subject to Senior Manager or two levels up Manager approval at their 
discretion. For any country-specific expense reporting topics (cut-off payment schedule, mileage 
reimbursement rate, etc.), contact the respective Global T&E support team of country’s expense tool 
and/or local finance department. Contacts are available at Cargill’s Global Travel and Expense >> 
Support. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

Cargill Confidential  
Expense Reporting Categories 
Mobile Device and Internet 
Expenses associated with a Cargill issued mobile device are covered in full. 
Monthly plan fees associated with personal mobile device plans, when approved in advance with an 
employee’s direct supervisor, are reimbursable based on actual cost incurred up to a maximum of USD 
$50. In some countries, this amount may be lower based on Cargill’s determination of reasonable and 
market costs for mobile device plans. In addition to monthly service plans, when traveling 
internationally on Cargill business and traveler’s personal service provider charges a fee for international 
roaming, Cargill will cover actual additional costs incurred up to USD $15 per day while on trip with 
manager pre-approval. 
Expenses for purchasing mobile devices and peripherals are not reimbursable expenses under the 
personal mobile device reimbursement program. Non-reimbursable expense examples include (but are 
not limited to) cell phones, smart phones, tablets, or other physical devices connected to the 
employee’s plan, chargers, earphones, cords, watches, or other wearable technology. Reimbursement is 
limited to plan costs and applicable taxes only up to the lesser of the country maximum personal mobile 
device reimbursement cap or USD $50. 
Refer to Mobile Device Use Procedure regarding appropriate use of company-owned mobile devices. 
Home internet services are not reimbursable expenses through T&E regardless of if an employee is 
based at a Cargill office/center/plant or in a hybrid or work from home employment arrangement. 
Modest internet charges incurred while traveling continue to be reimbursable. 
Video and audio streaming services are not reimbursable expenses. Examples of streaming services 
include (but are not limited to): Netflix, Disney+, Hulu, ESPN, Apple Music, Spotify, etc.). 
Mileage 
Mileage reimbursement at per mile/km rate associated with the use of an employee’s personal vehicle 
is allowed if: 
• It makes more sense for Cargill than taking a flight, rail, car rental, etc. 
• The use of the personal vehicle is for the purpose of conducting company business. 
• The employee does not have an alternative company sponsored car program available. 
• The mileage is more than the employee’s normal commuting mileage to/from a Cargill location. 
Car rental is recommended when a business trip would require at least 90 miles/140 km in any given 
day. 
Any mileage reimbursement included in an employment package is not in scope of this policy. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 
 
Cargill Confidential  
Retirement and Other Recognition 
Celebrations of retirement for employees with 10 or more years of service who have reached a 
minimum age of 55 is an allowable T&E expense with manager approval per the following guidelines: 
Years of Service 
Spend Limit 
($USD) * 
Under 10 years of service 
20 years or less of service 
$0 
More than 20 years of service 
$1,000 or less  
Up to $2,500 
*Spend can be for a party or a party and a small token gift of appreciation. Country spend limits 
may be lower, contact business’s Controller for guidance. 
Party expenses should be filed as Employee Recognition / Gift Card and attendees of the parties should 
be listed in the expense report. For gifts, expenses should also be claimed under Employee Recognition / 
Gift Card. Depending on the retiring employee’s home country, gifts may be considered taxable income. 
Recognition is reimbursable when in compliance with the Cargill Recognition Strategy Guide (version 
January 2024). For additional information and assistance on recognition, visit MyHR Recognition page or 
create MyHR request. 
Meals and Entertainment 
The following are reimbursable: 
• Personal meals (non-entertainment) while on business travel based on reasonable and actual 
cost of the meal with a maximum allowance of USD $60 per day unless more restrictive rules 
apply at country level 
• Gratuity/tips up to the customary allowance for gratuity. Payment for the gratuity should be 
with the same form of payment as the meal. 
• Actual cost of the entertainment for employees, customers, guests, and suppliers when the 
expense is for the benefit of the company, and a valid business purpose exists and reflects 
Cargill's Guiding Principles. 
Meals of more than one person must be classified as entertainment. The business purpose, names and 
affiliation of those entertained and type of entertainment is required for reimbursement. Line-item 
detail receipts are required for reimbursement, summary receipts (aka signature slips) are not an 
acceptable receipt. The most appropriate senior Cargill employee in attendance should pay for and 
expense the entertainment. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

Cargill Confidential  
Relocation/Global Mobility/Expat 
Expenses related to domestic relocation for regions Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East 
and Africa should follow the same process as any other travel related expenses listed in this policy. 
Expenses related to domestic relocation in US/Canada and international relocation (Global Mobility 
Program) should primarily be paid using the designated corporate relocation travel card and the 
associated expense reimbursement program with Weichert Workforce Mobility should be followed. The 
responsible Weichert Relocation counselor can be contacted in case of questions about the relevant 
process. Consequently, the expenses outside that process and covered under this report type should be 
limited. 
Further, there are some slight variations to this policy that apply for travel, benefits and expenses 
covered under the Global Mobility Program and Domestic Relocation programs for US and Canada. 
Consult the relevant policy documents, for example the Global Mobility Assignments Policy for the 
Global Mobility Program. 
Gifts and Entertainment 
Refer to Gifts and Entertainment Policy regarding "Gifts and Entertainment" which can include anything 
of value provided to or from Cargill for which fair market value is not paid. 
Other Travel-Related Approved Expenses 
Other reasonable expenses will be reimbursed if incurred in relation to transacting company business. 
Examples include but not limited to visas, passports, airport taxes and fees, foreign exchange fees, 
remote or off-site airport parking, ATM fees, laundry when traveling more than five consecutive days 
and excess business luggage fees. 
Cargill has the right to refuse payment for non-travel related expenses. A different form of payment 
should be used to pay for these expenses (not the corporate travel card). 
Spouse business-related travel expenses will be reimbursed only with prior written approval from the 
traveler's Business Group Leader, Functional Leader or member of the Executive Leadership Team. 
REPORTING MISUSE 
Any question or concern about known or suspected abuse of the travel policy and/or the filing of false 
expense reports must be immediately raised to your manager, Ethics & Compliance, Finance, or Legal. If 
you are not comfortable discussing the issue with your manager, or you already raised the concern and 
do not feel that it was properly addressed, you should report the concern to Cargill’s Ethics Open Line. 
Cargill takes all reports of fraud seriously and will investigate all reports promptly. This policy will be 
applied consistently regardless of position, responsibility, or length of employment. Cargill prohibits all 
forms of retaliation against anyone who in good faith raises a concern or participates in an investigation. 
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY 

